<h4>Target Audience</h4>
<p>The target users of Freelit are primarily students who are in school, college, or university. These students often have to study for various assignments at a time and memorize pages on pages of material. Our application aims to make this memorization process faster and convenient through our easy to make study sets, flashcards, and random generated tests. These study tools could range from topics like mathematics, biology, history to even many different languages. </p>
<h4>User Needs</h4>
<p>Student's often face the pressure of juggling multiple assignments, quizzes, tests of many different classes and make use of flash cards to quickly revise and stay on top of their class materials. Instead of carrying around flash cards for multiple classes that can easily be lost or mixed up, we wish to provide a neat and concise way to study. Not only do we help with flash cards but also practice tests which would help students feel more prepared and confident for their upcoming tests. </p>
<p>Another very important need for students is for resources like Freelit to be accessible and affordible. </p>
<h4>Why This Matters</h4>
<p>Alot of times students get overwhelmed with the pressure of staying on track with their coursework and performing well. This pressure eventually not only affects their productivity but also mental health. By providing an easy and accessibly platform for students to study and stay organised, we enable them to be more efficent and prepared. Additionally, students already pay hundreds of dollars for their books and tuition and do not need another additional liability which is why Freelit is completely free of cost.</p>
<p>Student's often face the pressure of a lot of different classes and students as well as juggling multiple assignments. Often times student's use flashcards to study however with so many classes it's often times these sets get mixed up and lost. This is why the user need a neat an easily accessible way to study for their classes which is where Freelit comes in. The User needs study sets to be neat and concise. No more fiddling around with flashcard sets and getting them mixed up as it's all stored for the user on the site. Clear sets that can never get mixed up or lost. Often worry how strong their grasp of a subject is before a test. Freelit offers easy tests that can help determine the student's strength. they can watch their progress while they study not having to worry about drafting up mock tests on flimsy sheets of paper. The user needs a better quality, transportable, and consistent study tool and Freelit offers this. </p>

