<h4>Target Audience</h4>
<p>The target users of Freelit is student typically from middle school to college/graduate range who are in a school, college, or university. These students often have to study for various assignments with using memorization. These could range from topics like other languages to biology. Our application aims to make this memorization process faster through our easy to make study sets, flashcards, and random generated tests. </p>
<h4>User Needs</h4>
<p>Student's often face the pressure of a lot of different classes and students as well as juggling multiple assignments. Often times student's use flashcards to study however with so many classes it's often times these sets get mixed up and lost. This is why the user need a neat an easily accessible way to study for their classes which is where Freelit comes in. The User needs study sets to be neat and concise. No more fiddling around with flashcard sets and getting them mixed up as it's all stored for the user on the site. Clear sets that can never get mixed up or lost. Often worry how strong their grasp of a subject is before a test. Freelit offers easy tests that can help determine the student's strength. they can watch their progress while they study not having to worry about drafting up mock tests on flimsy sheets of paper. The user needs a better quality, transportable, and consistent study tool and Freelit offers this. </p>
<h4>Why This Matters</h4>
<p>At Freelit we deeply care about free education as we believe it's necessary for all as knowledge is true freedom. We wish to help supply the understanding and comprehension of knowledge for students so they can have the freedom to decide their future. Most importantly we wish to have this tool to be accessible for all regardless financial situation. This is why it's important that Freelit is free so together we can build a more knowledgeable and free future for all.</p>